EIN	ORG_NAME	WEBSITE	NTEECC	IRS	PURPOSE	ACHIEVEMENTSERVICE	Funder	Awards01-0471151	regulatory assistance project	http://www.raponline.org/	W03	NA	"The Regulatory Assistance Project (RAP) is a global non-profit that focuses on the long-term economic and environmental sustainability of the power and natural gas sectors and related segments of the economy. We provide technical and policy assistance to government officials on a broad range of energy and environmental issues, seeking to deliver two major outcomes. 1) A reduction of the environmental impacts of energy production and use, leading to increased environmental quality."	"1. India Program and Global Research Program Although separate programs, these two programs when combined form the largest body of RAP's program work In India, RAP partners with the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory to provide technical assistance on energy efficiency, regulatory reform, renewable resources, and environmental policy to power sector decision RAP's Global Research Program conducts global research and publishes papers as part of a Global Power Best Practices Series. 2. China Program RAP assists China's decision-makers in developing and implementing policies that promote economic development, reliability, improved air quality and public health, which in turn produce substantial and permanent reductions in the country's greenhouse gas emissions Working with the Energy Foundation's China Sustainable Energy Program (CSEP), we provide technical and international expertise on energy efficiency, market and regulatory reform, renewable resources."	TBD	TBD01-0455007	"marine environmental research institute, inc."	http://www.meriresearch.org/	U99	NA	"Protecting ocean life and human health through research, education and advocacy."	"1. RESEARCH - THE INSTITUTE'S SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH DOCUMENTS OCEAN POLLUTION AND ITS IMPACTS ON MARINE LIFE AND HUMAN HEALTH. BETWEEN APRIL AND OCTOBER, MERI'S BLUE HILL BAY COASTAL MONITORING PROGRAM MONITORED 45 FRESHWATER AND MARINE SITES FOR WATER QUALITY PARAMETERS AND NUTRIENTS WITH 5 VOLUNTEERS ASSISTING. ADDITIONAL SITES WERE MONITORED FOR HARMFUL ALGAL BLOOMS (RED TIDE), BACTERIAL CONTAMINATION, AND INVASIVE SPECIES. 2. Education - promote public awareness and understanding of the current ocean crisis with an emphasis on positive citizen action and policy solutions. This was accomplished through - MERI launched a regular e newsletter - the MERI insider - and delivered breaking news on priority ocean issues and MERI's work to a list of approximately 2,000 on-line subscribers. The MERI website was significantly upgraded to reflect the national and international impact of MERI's research and advocacy work."	TBD	TBD01-0202467	mount desert island biological laboratory	https://mdibl.org/	U21	161	"To promote research and education in the biology of non-mammalian organisms, to foster understanding and preservation of the environment, and to advance human health"	"Our scientists study marine and other non-mammalian organisms to learn about the fundamental processes taking place in cells, organs, and tissues discoveries made at MDIBL underlie new treatments for human diseases and disabilities and help us to understand how living creatures interact with the environment in addition, MDIBL provides unique, hands-on research training opportunities to more than 300 high school, undergraduate, graduate and medical students each year"	TBD	TBD01-0211513	the jackson laboratory	https://www.jax.org/	H92	161	"We discover the genetic basis for preventing, treating and curing human disease, and we enable research and education for the global biomedical community."	"1. DEVELOP AND PROVIDE GENETIC RESOURCES - PLEASE THE JACKSON LABORATORY GENERATES AND MAINTAINS AN OPEN-SOURCE MOUSE GENOME DATABASE, THE WORLD'S LARGEST PUBLICLY ACCESSIBLE INFORMATION SOURCE ABOUT THE LABORATORY MOUSE. IT IS AVAILABLE TO THE WORLDWIDE RESEARCH COMMUNITY, DRIVING DISCOVERY IN CANCER, DIABETES, OSTEOPOROSIS, ALZHEIMER'S DISEASE AND MANY OTHER AREAS CRITICAL TO HUMAN HEALTH. THIS DATABASE EXPERIENCES CLOSE TO 9 MILLION ""HITS"" PER WEEK. THE LABORATORY'S. 2. Biomedical research the Jackson Laboratory generates and maintains an open-source mouse genome database, the world's largest publicly accessible information source about the laboratory mouse. It is available to the worldwide research community, driving discovery in cancer, diabetes, osteoporosis, alzheimer's disease and many other areas critical to human health. This database experiences close to 9 million ""hits"" per week. The laboratory's mouse repository offered a portfolio."	TBD	TBD01-0794834	international society for autism research	http://www.autism-insar.org/	G84	NA	The primary purpose of the international society for autism research (INSAR) is to foster autism research by new and established autism researchers by bringing autism scientists together to share findings and new ideas through an annual scientific meeting and various publications	"1. The international meeting for autism research (IMFAR) is a scientific conference devoted specifically to autism research Autism researchers from around the world present their research on topics ranging from early diagnosis, development and intervention, to brain imaging, environmental influences, genetics and co-morbid disorders. 2. Pre-Meeting Held prior to the International Meeting, this one day meeting is designed for people with autism spectrum disorders, families, clinicians, researchers, policy makers and others interested to autism spectrum disorders to learn more about the science and to share their knowledge and experiences"	TBD	TBD01-0349706	onpoint health data	http://www.onpointhealthdata.org/	E60	123	"The mission of onpoint Health Data is to promote informed decision making by designing, managing, and analyzing timely, high quality, integrated health care databases"	"On Point Health Data focused its activities on developing and maintaining health care data bases to provide accurate and high quality information for educational programs, technical assistance, research projects, and management information systems The data bases provided valuable insight into access, use, and cost of health care services, allowed users to plan for changes in the health care delivery system and provided information for the evaluation of quality of care being rendered"	TBD	TBD01-0518193	environment northeast	NA	C35	NA	"Environment Northeast addresses large-scale environmental challenges that threaten regional ecosystems, human health, or the management of significant natural resources we use policy analysis, collaborative problem solving, and advocacy to advance the environmental and economic sustain ability of the northeastern United States and eastern Canada"	"1. Sustainable energy project - ene works intensively at the state, regional and national levels to design and implement comprehensive reforms to build a cleaner, low-carbon energy system at the state level. 2.Climate policy and forests and land use - ene's climate project covers state, regional, federal and us/Canada jurisdictions we promote policies and planning to reduce greenhouse gas emissions (GHG) from all sectors ene serves as a leading stakeholder role in the regional greenhouse gas initiative (RGGI) process our RGGI auction tracker and macroeconomic benefits documents provide up-to-date reporting and analysis of the program's progress this year"	TBD	TBD01-0211810	university of new england	http://www.une.edu/	B43	NA	"The university's mission is to provide students with a highly integrated learning experience that promotes excellence thro ugh interdisciplinary collaboration and innovation in education, research, and service"	"1. Higher education education of over 7300 students at the college level during the 2010-11 academic year, the university conferred 528 undergraduate degrees,507 graduate degrees and 161 doctorial degrees the university offers programs in osteopathic medicine, allied health sciences, liberal arts, pharmacy, and other graduate and undergraduate majors additional facts the University of New England includes Maine's only-medical school-college of osteopathic medicine-master of science-physician. 2. Auxiliary services for the delivery of higher education include mail and room and board for over 1,000 students the mission is to work in partnership with resident students to create a healthy and positive residential community that enhances academic pursuits and provides opportunities for personal, social and spiritual growth the goal is to promote an atmosphere rooted in civility and personal responsibility, and encourage reflective thinking and active involvement"	TBD	TBD01-0694045	"florida breast cancer coalition research foundation, inc"	http://www.floridabreastcancer.org/	NA	NA	"To end Breast Cancer through advocacy, education, and research."	"1. The Florida Breast Cancer Foundation (FBCF) presented its annual education and advocacy day conference on Saturday, April 16 in Miami Florida and on Saturday, June 16 in TAMPA, Florida, the one-day conferences were a huge success with over 116 (Miami) and 120 (TAMPA) FBCF supporters, advocates, and Breast Cancer survivors in attendance to hear about the latest cutting-edge research, view informational community resource display tables. 2. The Florida Breast Cancer Foundation (FBCF) believes that to achieve our goal, we must have advocates who are trained and educated in the science of Breast Cancer, current Breast Cancer research data and who know how to practice effective advocacy strategies. The ""Jane Torres scholarship fund"" was established by the Florida Breast Cancer Foundation to assist individuals interested in obtaining education and training in Breast Cancer research and advocacy."	TBD	TBD01-0600248	eastern nc regional science center	http://go-science.org/	NA	NA	"To create a Regional Science Center to promote economic and cultural development by extending science literacy, scientific research, and science-based industrial applications, and science-based tourism for every science and technology sector in Eastern NC."	The development of a Science Center and education of science to local area schools.	TBD	TBD01-0648145	orthocarolina research institute inc fmrly o l miller research institute	http://www.orthocarolinaresearch.org/	NA	NA	"The institute's mission and priorities are centrally focused on (1) improved patient care,(2) high quality research to develop newand innovative orthopaedic devices and technologies, and (3) collaborative and multidiscipline forums to further enhance state-of-the-art medical healthcare the institute is currently participating in 30 on-going fda regulated clinicaltrials and approximately 70 scientific outcomes studies all studies support the public in providing state-of-the-art surgical"	"Clinical trials are designed to develop new devices, evaluate new medications, improve materials and systems, and improve surgical procedures at the present time, the Orthocarolina Research Institute is facilitating thirty fda-controlled clinical trials that serve and support the public in providing state-of-the-art surgical and non-surgical treatment options scientific outcomes studies are designed to provide data and information supports, and/or opposes, new methods of treatment, and"	TBD	TBD